README.rst, before:

==============
PythonTemplate
==============

This is the template I use for my Python projects. This isn't a real project.

* Python 2.6, 2.7, PyPy, PyPy3, 3.3, and 3.4 supported on Linux and OS X.
* Python 2.7, 3.3, and 3.4 supported on Windows (both 32 and 64 bit versions of Python).

Tested on Windows XP and Windows 10 technical preview.

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME/master.svg?style=flat-square&label=AppVeyor%20CI
   :target: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME
   :alt: Build Status Windows

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME/master.svg?style=flat-square&label=Travis%20CI
   :target: https://travis-ci.org/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME
   :alt: Build Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME/master.svg?style=flat-square&label=Codecov
   :target: https://codecov.io/github/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME
   :alt: Coverage Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/REPLACE_ME.svg?style=flat-square&label=Latest
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/REPLACE_ME/
   :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/REPLACE_ME.svg?style=flat-square&label=PyPI%20Downloads
   :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/REPLACE_ME/
   :alt: Downloads

Quickstart
==========

Install:

.. code:: bash

    pip install REPLACE_ME

Run:

.. code:: bash

    REPLACE_ME

Changelog
=========

This project adheres to `Semantic Versioning <http://semver.org/>`_.

0.2.0 - 2015-03-26
------------------

Added
    * Python2.6, PyPy, and PyPy3 support.

0.1.1 - 2015-03-15
------------------

* Initial release.

Commit message:

Ditching py26, 4sp tabs, appveyor no token, posarg
Giving up on Python 2.6. It's pretty old and CentOS ships with 2.7, as
does OS X. 2.6 is missing things like dictionary comprehension and
subprocess.check_output and a whole lot of other stuff. No more dumbing
down my code.

Fixing tox posargs. I couldn't run specific tests before.

Giving up on ipdb/pdbpp. They all suck. Sticking with regular pdb.

sdist upload with python3.4 was broken because stupid setuptools expects
a list and not a tuple for the classifiers.

Codecov finally supports Appveyor, no more adding the token.

Embracing Sphinx. Adding placeholder text.

4 space indents in rst files, suggested by PyCharm even though it's
kinda broken.

README.rst, after:

==============
PythonTemplate
==============

This is the template I use for my Python projects. This isn't a real project.

* Python 2.7, PyPy, PyPy3, 3.3, and 3.4 supported on Linux and OS X.
* Python 2.7, 3.3, and 3.4 supported on Windows (both 32 and 64 bit versions of Python).

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/appveyor/ci/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME/master.svg?style=flat-square&label=AppVeyor%20CI
    :target: https://ci.appveyor.com/project/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME
    :alt: Build Status Windows

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/travis/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME/master.svg?style=flat-square&label=Travis%20CI
    :target: https://travis-ci.org/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME
    :alt: Build Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/codecov/c/github/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME/master.svg?style=flat-square&label=Codecov
    :target: https://codecov.io/github/Robpol86/REPLACE_ME
    :alt: Coverage Status

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/v/REPLACE_ME.svg?style=flat-square&label=Latest
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/REPLACE_ME/
    :alt: Latest Version

.. image:: https://img.shields.io/pypi/dm/REPLACE_ME.svg?style=flat-square&label=PyPI%20Downloads
    :target: https://pypi.python.org/pypi/REPLACE_ME/
    :alt: Downloads

Quickstart
==========

Install:

.. code:: bash

    pip install REPLACE_ME

For more information on how to use the extension please read the documentation at:
https://REPLACE_ME.readthedocs.org

Changelog
=========

This project adheres to `Semantic Versioning <http://semver.org/>`_.

0.2.0 - 2015-03-26
------------------

Added
    * Python2.6, PyPy, and PyPy3 support.

0.1.1 - 2015-03-15
------------------

* Initial release.
